WIP: Starting a single control trace. (#142)
usnistgov/oscal-content: examples/trace-a-single-control/README.md

# Trace a Single Control through OSCAL

## Objective

This example will demonstrate an implementation of a single control using OSCAL, and is intended for the OSCAL novice looking for a place to start.  The focus is on a minimal implementation, covering required elements of the models.

This example uses AC-8, System Use Notification.  It is important to be aware that other controls may require additional modeling work to document in OSCAL.  The learning objective for this control is to provide a very basic overview across the models without complication.  Future examples will cover additional controls with more complex examples.

## Concept

This example outlines the following models for a single control:

### Controls Layer

1. Catalog
2. Profile

### Implementation Layer

3. Component Definition
4. System Security Plan

### Assessment Layer

5. Assessment Plan
6. Assessment Result
7. Plan of Action and Milestone

![Graphic displaying the connections between OSCAL models](diagrams/Concept.drawio.svg)

> One concept that is important to understand is the meaning of a **resolved profile**.  In this example, the profile produces a subset of controls from the NIST 800-53 Rev 5 catalog, specifically we only select one control: AC-8.  Until this profile is resolved, a catalog does not exist that only contains the subset.  For this example, the profile is considered resolved, and the catalog model would be the result of this transformation.

Reviewer: Minor and non-blocking: perhaps be explicit with the verb a catalog+profile->a new catalog?
```suggestion
One concept that is important to understand is the meaning of a **resolved (profile) catalog**.  In this example, a profiler resolver tool will use a profile to produce a new catalog with a subset of controls from the NIST 800-53 Rev 5 catalog. Specifically, we only select one control: AC-8.  Until this profile is resolved, a catalog does not exist that only contains the subset.  For this example, the profile is considered resolved, and the catalog model would be the result of this transformation.
```

Author: No apology necessary! Good feedback!
